What is algorithm?
    It set by set rules to solve the problem or perform some calculation.

What is Machine Learning?
    Machine learning is a type of artificial intelligence(AI) that provides computer with the ability to learn
    without being explicit programmed. ML focus on the development of computer programs that can change when exposed to new data.

what are the types of Machine Learning?
    1.Supervised Learning - Training labled data 
        That training data(datatset) includes input data and response data.
        Example: Regression, Decision Tree, Random Forest, KNN, Logistic Regression etc.
    2.Unsupervised Learning - Training unlabled data
        That training data(data) that only have a input data without labled response data.
        Example: Apriori algorithm, K-means.
    3.Reinforcement Learning - Branch of AI. It's a relationship between agent and the physical world.
        Give reward based on the agent behaviour
        Example: Markov Decision Process

how a problem is solved using Machine learning?
    These are the 5 Questions which can be answered in data science.
    Q1.Is this A or B? -> Classification algorithm
    Q2.Is this weired? -> Anomaly Detection algorithm
    Q3.How much or How many? -> Regression algorithm
    Q4.How is this organized? -> Clustering algorithm
    Q5.What should I do next? -> Reinforcement Learning

Machine Learning Algorithms:
1.Classification Algorithm
    It is used for questions which can have only a limited number of answers
    Example:
    1.it is cold? Yes or No
    2.Do you go to work? Yes, No or Maybe

2.Anomaly Detection Algorithm
    It analyses a certain pattern and alerts you whenever there is change in the pattern.
    Example:
    1.Credit card company uses these Anomaly Detection algorithm.

3.Regression Algorithm
    It's used to calculate numeric values.
    Example:
    1.What will be the temperature be tomorrow?
    2.How much discount can you give on a particular item?

4.Clustering Algorithm
    It's used to understand the structure of a dataset.
    These algorithm separates the data into groups or clusters, to ease out the
    interpretation of the data.

5.Reinforcement Algorithm
    These algorithm were designed as to how brains of humans or rats respond to punishment and rewards
    Example:
    1.A system which plays chess

    Re Source:
    http://edureka.com
    https://www.analyticsvidhya.com/blog/2017/09/common-machine-learning-algorithms/
    